See the tops of mountains under Dunny every jump.
The stranger he was growed there just like a camel's hump. The stranger sat upon him and curled his black mustache
Just like a summer boarder awaiting for his hash.
He thumped him in the shoulders. He spurred him when he whirled
To show them plucky punchers he was the wolf of the world. And when he had dismounted once more upon the ground
We knew he was a thoroughbred and not a gent from town.
Now the boss who was a-standin' round a-watchin'...walked right up to the stranger.
He told him he didn't go.
If you can use the lariat, lucky road, old zebra dun.
You're the man that I've been lookin' for now since the year I won.
And when the herd stampeded, he was always on the spot.
He set them to nothing like the boiling of a pot.
There's one thing and a sure thing I've learned since I've been born, that every educated feller ain't a plum greenhorn.